So, Anthropic just released computer
use, which is basically where you give
Claude access to your browser and your
keyboard, and a lot of people out there
are using this for silly toy demos like
how to organize your file workspace or
whatever the heck. In this video, I want
to show you eight ways you can actually
apply computer usage to real
economically valuable tasks like for
instance reaching out to tens of
thousands of people automatically in a
highly personalized way using my
browser. So, I'm going to start with a
brief demo and then I'm going to show
you guys how you guys can set this up on
your end. We're also going to be
bypassing Anthropic's built-in read
block, which basically is where they
don't allow you to use your browser for
incoming rights. I'll show you guys how
to do that and then I'll also show you
guys how to set it up in case you guys
want to know. Okay, first and foremost,
what's going on here? I'm on LinkedIn
and what I'm doing is I'm sending
connection requests, which are the way
that you sort of do outreach on
LinkedIn. And one thing to note is that
LinkedIn inherently blocks the vast
majority of browser automation because
it's obviously in their interest to
maintain a highly human sort of
environment, right? Most social media
platforms will do this. Instagram does
this, uh you know, X is going to do
this, um Facebook and and so on and so
forth. And so, any sort of like
automation of this task is pretty
difficult to do in practice and you'll
receive some sort of other major
platform block or you know, you're just
going to run into some form of issue.
Computer use basically negates that for
you entirely. If you feed in the right
prompt and then you use the right
browser analog, you can have whatever
automation you want done basically
constantly for you in the background and
I foresee a future where we all have 100
Mac Minis the heck is the the trending
item pretty soon where stuff like this
is occurring on autopilot all the time.
How do you actually do this? Well, I'm
just going to open up my thread here and
you'll see that what I've done is I've
said, "I want you to use computer use to
control my computer and send connection
requests to people on this page with the
Min browser, which is full read write
access." That's important because
Anthropic automatically blocks the usage
of Chrome, Safari, Firefox, and most
other major browser tools for this. Then
I say customize each connection request
so it doesn't suck. Use a connect
request like, "Hey first name, saw
casual version of company name and I
think we'd vibe quite a bit given our
interests." So, when I have computer use
on as you guys can see, the browser
looks a little bit different, right? We
have sort of that like yellow outline.
And it's actually like controlling my
mouse. What it's doing is a variant of
what it's already capable of doing with
like Chrome DevTools MCP or whatever
where it takes a screenshot and then you
know, it like kind of controls it. But
you can see that at any point in time I
can just jump in and make minor
adjustments and so on and so forth. And
you know, as long as I'm not doing that
while it's doing something super
valuable or important, it sort of
figures it out on its own. So, that's
use case number one and I just showed
you guys it on LinkedIn, but I want to
show you guys just how many other
platforms you can do this on as well.
Obviously, a big one here is Instagram.
I know sending Instagram DMs
automatically is obviously very high in
demand and you know, a lot of people
want to want to do that. But the same
thing applies to any other platform. So,
you could do this on x.com
despite the fact that I don't think
Facebook is a great place for this
stuff. You can also automate Facebook
entirely. Then obviously, you could do
this on other platforms like I don't
know, TikTok and you know, short form
and and so on and so forth. The way that
you do this to make a long story short
is one, you install a browser that not a
lot of people have heard about, a
browser that is not on the block list.
Anthropic's current block list I think
is
Chrome is Chrome. I think it's also
Safari and then they also do obviously
Edge and Firefox. Min is a simple, free,
and straightforward browser that I'm not
affiliated with at all. It was just the
first one that I tried that wasn't part
of this block list. And what I'm doing
is I have Min set up here. I then logged
into my LinkedIn account and then I just
give it a list of all of the different,
you know, leads I want to actually, you
know, send requests to. And in my case,
I did this pretty straightforwardly. I
just pumped in the term AI automation
into my LinkedIn, sorted by people, and
then I just have it going. Now, I should
note that, you know, most of these
platforms have outreach limits so you
can't actually send like five
quadrillion pieces of outreach
automatically. You'd need either
multiple accounts to do this or I don't
know, some other sort of like black hat
method and I don't recommend doing that.
You know, I don't recommend overly
gaming these social media platforms
because there's obviously downsides and
you know, a fair amount of risks.
But you can apply the exact same
approach to whatever the heck you want.
After that, you just feed the list and
then perhaps most importantly, you have
some form of weak in the cold outreach
business call an icebreaker, which is
some sort of like kind of quasi
customized template that allows AI the
ability to fill in variables
dynamically. And so, in my case, what I
did if I go back to Co-Work is I said,
"Use a connect request like, 'Hey first
name, saw casual version of company name
and I think we'd vibe quite a bit given
our interests.'" You can insert or
replace whatever variables you want
here. It'll work pretty reasonably so
long as Claude obviously has access to
information about that. My next major
use case is going to be scraping social
media for posts and then saving that to
a local file, which I can then feed into
I don't know, Claude code or some other
future thing in order to like generate
content on my end. Now, the issue with
doing a lot of this stuff organically is
obviously one, it takes a fair amount of
time, but then two, there's no like
API-based way to plug this into a
workflow. You either have to have like a
virtual assistant or somebody do it or
you have to do some sort of hacky
workaround. What I'm doing with Claude
computer use is I'm giving it a really
simple and straightforward query just
saying scrape my LinkedIn feed for 10
posts about AI and then save the
trending ones to a file for me with
computer use. Uh and it's just going
through right now basically taking
screenshots and then also saving the
text to a file. Um after I'm done with
that, I could use the file for whatever
I want. So, some really cool use cases
for this. Obviously, there's like
trending news scraper style systems,
which is personally what I'm using this
for. Uh but there are a variety of other
ones as well. You could try like a
parasite-based system, which goes
through somebody's social media
platforms. Again, you know, on platforms
that do not explicitly allow or
explicitly prevent any sort of browser
automation and then get the text. You
could feed that text into AI to have it
like rewritten. You could um save photos
and stuff like that by right-clicking
the pictures saying, you know, save as
and so on and so forth and then
eventually just have like a big file set
up that you can, you know, then plug
into your own content calendar. Once
you're done, you then get a list of
trending AI posts and then you can do
whatever the heck you want with these
posts. In my case, maybe I'm going to
use these trending posts to create some
parasite content or whatever and then
use that to rank on LinkedIn. My next
use case is going to be giving it a list
of forms. So, in my case, I'm just going
to use dentist, but you guys can do
whatever the heck you want. Contact
forms for agencies, I don't know, big
people to get in touch with, whatever.
And then just have it actually reach out
to them by filling out those forms. And
this is valuable because a big chunk of
the internet right now is like
gate-walled by contact forms and so on
and so forth. You can't find people's
emails, but you can get a contact form.
And so, you can use or have computer use
um actually control your browser, click
buttons and so on and so forth one,
mitigate the appearance of CAPTCHAs and
other things while also two, um filling
it out in like a human natural way with,
you know, your browser and stuff. So, in
this case, I said with computer use,
fill these forms out. Loose info, gave
it my name and so on and so forth. You
know, initially it tried using Chrome.
The reason why is because it always
tries just using the specific um thing
that it's connected to. What I'm going
to do now is I'm actually just going to
go into the Min browser again. It's
going to open up some new tabs I imagine
using the URLs that I gave and again,
it's literally using my my keyboard,
which is why it's so cool.
And then it's going to try and uh you
know, fill out their forms and stuff.
So, here's a simple walk-in dental
clinic, you know, it's like a new
patient form and it's just going to go
top to bottom and click on everything.
It started by closing the chat widget
and now it's going to start with the
what looks like first name, last name,
and then work through each field. I
should note that, you know, a couple of
these input fields are pretty dynamic,
right? One of these is like a birth year
or birth date picker. It's not very
straightforward. And what it's done is
it's just like clicked on four things in
like 2 seconds for me and it's just
working its way top to bottom. And when
all said and done, it then fills out the
form and then submits it. The next one's
going to be managing ad platforms
without API access. So, think of things
like Google Ads or Meta Ads or TikTok
Ads. Like these platforms all lock down
their ads stuff really, really strongly
and then they also just make it a pain
in the ass if you do have any sort of
API access. Um the reason why is
obviously they just don't want like a
fleet of agents that control everything
completely automatically. But what's
walled is with computer use, you can do
that. And you can make a fair amount of
money in the interim by automating all
of that stuff before, you know, they
catch up. So, this is one of the
companies that I run and we do ads for a
fair number of dentists across the
Canada area. We typically generate ROASs
anywhere between 8 to 10x, so very
strong stuff. And let's just say I want
to automate the process of I don't know,
like turning off ads that aren't very
good. So, in my case, maybe I want to
click through all new patient video ads
in the current ads manager page and then
find the cost per lead. I want the
inside view so I actually want to like
inside
not just on this little dashboard and
then I just want to turn off the lowest
performers. Obviously, I could
standardize this in like a bajillion
different ways. Hopefully, that's clear.
I don't just have to do it like super
loosely like find the best ads. I could
have strict SOPs where it's like find
the top three performing ads, find the
lowest five performing ads, and so on
and so forth. But just like I use my own
computer and my mouse to do this, I
could do this with computer use
controlling everything. This reminds me
of like those Tesla self-driving ads,
but like my hands up here. So, I don't
know. It's finding the new leads ad. You
know, it's saying that there's no budget
and then maybe it's turning it on or
it's turning it off. Hopefully, you guys
get the point. You can automate the
large majority of more or less any
valuable knowledge work like this. I
think honestly, the thing that I'm
coming to realize is the more important
thing than actually just like having a
list of things to automate
is just knowing what to automate and
then having a pre-existing like SOP for
that. Um so, believe it or not like the
big businesses are going to have the
most success with this stuff. Not
necessarily, you know, the the small
ones. But anyway, here's it going
through clicking on my ad sets and and
stuff like that finding the highest
performers and then enabling them or
disabling them. Another cool use case is
uploading and then managing things for
YouTube. Very similar idea so I'm not
going to show it here, but what you can
do is in my case, you know, I record a
lot of videos via OBS. That's what you
guys are watching right now. Um
previously, in order for me to automate
the process of uploading them to
YouTube, I had to use the YouTube API or
I had to use some sort of third-party
service that connected with YouTube like
Go Fonic. And the issue behind uploading
things automatically to social media
platforms via API
is like the the current consensus is
they will block you or significantly
restrict your reach if you do it
automatically. Again, cuz they don't
want automatically generated content.
They want like real user-generated
content, people that actually click
buttons. Well, now you can just have
computer use do it for you. You can
automate the process and you can also
get all of the upside of like having
organic reach and brand. The next use
case is going to be pretty
straightforward. I'm just going to have
it compile a bunch of invoices to me um
locally on my computer. Obviously, I
could do this manually and there are
probably some API-based ways I could do
this as well, But uh this uses the exact
same interface that I do. Very similar
to like a humanoid robot. Why do we make
humanoid robots nowadays? It's because
despite the fact that other types of
robots are probably better, our natural
environment is geared towards like
humanoids, right? So, humanoid robots
obviously, despite not being perfect at
any one thing, can do everything, which
is valuable. In my case, I just have it
grabbing the first Appify billing
invoice because uh I pay them for the
automation of a few other things that I
do. And then it's just going to save
that to an invoices folder. $49 US, good
lord. What's funny is I think I was
right across the street from their
office when I was in Prague. That's
wild. I didn't realize they were
headquartered down there.
Anyway, it's uh scrolling down now. Then
uh sorry, I didn't want to show you guys
my address or anything, but it went
through, it downloaded it, and now um
you know, it's in my downloads folder
right over here. You can also have it
automate some desktop apps as well. Now,
this is sort of like the more boring use
cases that most of the people have shown
on YouTube videos, but still pretty
interesting. You can have it automate
like Premiere Pro, for instance, to
identify um low waveform points on a
graph and then actually cut right at
like the lowest point. You could have it
do a combination of like terminal-based
commands, and then I'm just like I'm a
video editor cuz I do a lot of video
editing right now. GUI-based commands to
both shorten it, uh you know, have
Premiere Pro generate captions for you,
slap the captions on the video
automatically, and then do a couple of
other things. Uh you know, really the
sky is the limit there, and
unfortunately, there's just so many
different products that we could use
there. I don't feel like I'd do a
substantive positive service by demoing
just a couple of mine. Okay, and then
finally, uh QA testing. Because we are
using our mouse and our keyboard here,
uh we are going to be interacting with
the screen with Plaud in a very similar
way to in which a human would really
realistically interact with the screen.
A lot of the ways that people have been
doing of some sort of um QA testing so
far has been using like Chrome DevTools
MCP or browser automation. And that's
okay because, you know, it still like
does things on the computer, but it
doesn't do so in a way that a human
being might. For instance, it like
doesn't click specific parts of the
page, right? What it'll do is it'll like
run JavaScript that simulates a click
event. So, what I've done here is I've
said, "Hey, I want you to QA test on
nicksri.com. Go through my entire
sign-up flow. Try to break it.
Screenshot every step." The goal is some
form of real user simulation. I just
want you to actually like do it the way
that I would do it. And you can see that
it's uh it's going to try and break it
in like a million different ways. And
the reason why this is valuable is
because sometimes there are like buttons
on a page or features in an app that
aren't immediately accessible to
something like a browser automation
version. Personally, I think this is
what like a lot of big teams have
probably been doing for at least a
little while.
Uh I would almost guarantee you the
Anthropic team in particular has
probably been using it to like stress
test their products. But it's going to
start clicking various buttons. It's
going to try all the different
validation approaches and so on and so
forth. And this isn't a product, it's
just my own personal website. But
hopefully you guys can see how you'd be
able to scale up an approach like this
uh
substantive as you want. All right. So,
how do you actually get this set up?
It's actually really straightforward.
First of all, this is in research
preview mode, so some of the features
that I just showed to you may be
invalidated if you're watching this
video like two or three months from now.
>> [gasps]
>> Um but realistically, all you really
need to do is just like download and
then install the Claude Code desktop
app. So, you can do that by just going
to Claude desktop app. Okay, give that
button a quick click. You'll go to the
downloads page, and then we have a
couple of different options here
depending on if you guys are on like
macOS or Windows. Now, in my case, I'm
on macOS, so I'm just going to click
download on Claude desktop. That's going
to open up this page. In the top
right-hand corner, you can see it. I've
done this a couple of times cuz I wanted
to reinstall it. Then um all you do is
you drag the Claude app over to
applications. I'm not going to do that
cuz it's going to reinstall it for me,
and you know, I already have it
installed. And then just type Claude to
actually open up the app. Once you're
done with that, you'll have access to
three different tabs: chat, co-work, and
code. Um right now, it's available for
co-work and code, not inherently chat.
But in order to do this, just go to
co-work, and then now you can basically
say, "Hey, do X, Y, and Z." It may not
be enabled for you guys right off the
bat. If that's the case, head over to
settings first, and then underneath
general, scroll all the way down to
where it says browser use and computer
use. Enable browser use cuz that'll
allow it to use the crop the Claude
Chrome extension, which allows it to do
some browser stuff. And then also enable
computer use, which allows it to take
screenshots and control your keyboard
and mouse in apps that you allow. Then
you can do any of the demos, you know,
that I say, and you know, just in order
to maximize the probability that it
actually uses the computer use feature,
I have so far just been appending or
prepending my request with the term
computer use. Otherwise, sometimes it'll
just try doing API stuff. The reason why
is probably cuz it's very
token-intensive, and I'm I'm sure
they'll figure out ways to make it less
token-intensive over time, but right
now, this is the simplest manner. Okay,
and then the last thing is you need some
sort of browser app that does both read
and write access. Uh the one that I'm
using right now is called
minbrowser.org.
If this does, for whatever reason, get
patched or whatever, uh you can also
just look up other browsers that are
safe, hopefully open source, that'd be
ideal. Um the way I get that is I just
went on a Claude Code, and I said like,
"Find me 20 different browsers." And uh
you know, one of those ended up working.
Okay, so that said, hopefully you guys
appreciated this look in how to actually
make money with Claude computer use.
It's not just fancy toy demos here, but
you know, if you apply it to a couple of
interesting workarounds, you can make
some cool things happen, and you can
also take advantage of browser
fingerprinting and stuff like that.
Aside from that, if you guys enjoyed
this video, please subscribe to the
channel. Some like 70% of people aren't,
and I'm trying to grow as quickly as I
can right now, so you'd be doing me a
big solid. Um check out my 4-hour Claude
Code course for more on how to use
Claude for economically valuable ends,
and I will catch all y'all in the next
video. See you.